DOCS-4346 Profile types page (#16074)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/_index.md

## Explore Datadog profiler

> After you've configured your application to send profiles to Datadog, start getting insights into your code performance.  

Author: ```suggestion
After you configure your application to send profiles to Datadog, start getting insights into your code performance.  
```

> By default, profiles are retained for 7 days, and metrics generated from profile data are retained for 1 month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, profiles are retained for seven days, and metrics generated from profile data are retained for one month.
```
